# Boathouse

In this assignment you will plan out a REST URL structure and implement a working example of it which you will prove works by writing tests for it in much the same way as you did for GitHub. It will be up to you to decide on the appropriate URLs to use to access information. The grading will be divided evenly between using good RESTful URLs along with appropriate HTTP verbs to complete actions and the implementation of the API.

You will need to have a live, functioning server on a publicly accessible GAE instance. You will also need to turn in a PDF describing your URLs and a set of tests we can use to make sure they work as you say they do.

The information you will be modeling is a simple marina. There will be boats and slips (the `parking spots` for boats). Boats can either be 'at sea' or they can be currently in a slip. Slips are not assigned to only one boat. That is, `Boat A` can be in `Slip 1` then later, it can depart and be at sea and `Boat B` can then be in `Slip 1`.

The data is as follows: 

Boat

{ "id":"abc123", #this should be automatically generated by your API and should probably be a string
"name": "Sea Witch", #The name of the boat, a string
"type":"Catamaran", #The type of boat, power boat, sailboat, catamaran etc. a string
"length":28, #The length of the boat
"at_sea":false #A boolean indicating if the boat is at sea or not
}

Slip

{ "id":"123abc", #A string generated by your API
"number": 5, #The the slip number, essentially the human understandable identifier
"current_boat":"abc555",  #The id of the current boat, null if empty
"arrival_date":"1/1/2015" #A string indicating the date the boat arrived in the slip, it should be entered by the client
}
Supported functions

Your API should support the following

All operations on Boats and Slips
Add
All newly created boats should start "At sea"
All newly created slips should be empty
Delete
Deleting a ship should empty the slip the boat was previously in
The behavior of the history of deleted boats (in the extra credit option) is undefined
Deleting a slip a boat is currently in should set that boat to be "At sea"
Modify
Replace
View
You should be able to either view a single entity or the entire collections of entities, for example, I should be able to view the details of a single boat as well as get a list of all boats
It should be possible, via a url, to view the specific boat currently occupying any slip.
Setting a boat to be "At sea"
This should cause the previously occupied slip to become empty
Setting the ship to be "At sea" and updating the slip status should happen via a single API call
Managing a boat arrival
A ship should be able to arrive and be assigned a slip
If the slip is occupied the server should return an Error 403 Forbidden message
This will require knowing the slip, date of arrival and boat
